# advanced-api-gateway-resources
Cloud Academy - Advanced API Gateway
https://cloudacademy.com/lab/restful-microservices-aws-lambda-api-gateway/?context_resource=lp&context_id=241

Description
Amazon API Gateway allows you to design RESTful interfaces and connect them to your favorite backend. You can design your own resources structure, add dynamic routing parameters, and develop custom authorizations logic. Each API resource can be configured independently, while each stage can have specific cache, throttling, and logging configurations.

This approach is particularly useful when you consider that each request and response can be attached to a custom mapping template, in order to perform custom data manipulation or improve API backward compatibility.

Description
In this course, we will create a multi-tier serverless architecture on AWS using Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, AWS Step Functions, and Amazon Polly text to speech. This is a hands-on course where you will learn how to create serverless functions, data access, business logic, and integration layers on AWS. Also, you will learn how to create a presentation layer for your application using the client SDK generated by Amazon API Gateway. We will then host the application on Amazon S3.

Learning Objectives
By the end of this course, you will be able to recognize and implement an end to end workflow built in the Amazon Cloud using Serverless components.

Intended Audience
This course is intended for developers or DevOps engineers who want to create serverless applications on AWS, or who may be considering migrating their existing web applications to AWS.

Prerequisites
A basic familiarity with Amazon API Gateway, Lambda, DynamoDb, S3, and AWS Step functions is required for this course. Some knowledge of building web applications using HTML and JavaScript will also be helpful.

Resources
The GitHub repository for this course is available here: https://github.com/cloudacademy/advanced-api-gateway-resources.
